>> Jen Kramer: Then we'll be ready
to get started here on our form.
Because as I said, we have a lot of
thing already typed in to the page.
We're going to be adding a lot of
tags around the code we already have.
So what we've got going on here then
is this opening paragraph, right,
here on line 11.
We have our title of the page,
kind of the alien abduction auto form.
We have some instructions and
then we actually start the form.
So after the instructions are done.
But before the form starts,
we're gonna start with a form tag.
It looks like this, form.
Okay, pretty simple.
That tells you where
the form is gonna start.
There are some additional attributes we
need to put in this form in order to make
the form actually do anything.
We're gonna do that at
the very end of this process.
But for right now, just go ahead and
put in that form tag to start this and
guess where the ending tag for
form is gonna go.
Anyone wanna guess?
>> Jen Kramer: No one has any idea where
the ending form tag would go, yes?
>> Speaker 2: Right before
the ending of the body.
>> Jen Kramer: Probably, well,
it could go all the way down there
by the end of the body, but
it goes at the end of the form, right?
And the end of the forum is actually
going to be inside of the section,
because we put the form tag
inside of the section, didn't we?
Here's the section.
We have some h1's in a paragraph and
we put the form inside of that section.
So the closing form tag should
also be inside of the section, but
it's probably after add me
to your email list, right?
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Is it
best practice to always
have form within a section?
>> Jen Kramer: No, this section has to
do with the markup of the web page and
what you're trying to communicate.
Yeah, so we'll go ahead and say,
/form down here just before slash section,
okay?
So that's how we designate what portion
of the web page is actually going to be
a form where we'll be
collecting information.
And then after that,
we're ready to go ahead and
start putting in our form fields, okay?
So scroll back on up the page and
we are gonna start here on line 15.
We're asking for your name, okay?
And so we're gonna go ahead and
put in a field to collect your name and
the tag for this is called input, okay?
So this is an input tag.
There are a bunch of different
kinds of input tags, but
the type that we're going to use
here is the type that's called text.
Because guess what this does?
>> Speaker 2: It's text.
>> Jen Kramer: You can collect text.
That's a good match to a name, okay?
So that alone will go ahead and
make a little box on your web page, but
we're gonna need some additional pieces
of information that are gonna help
with the programming for this.
And in this particular case, what we're
going to need is we're
gonna need an ID for name.
You remember ID's,
we talked about them briefly on at
the beginning of our CSS discussion.
And we said, IDs are often used
more often in JavaScript and
in programming than they
are in CSS styling.
This is the ID, you're gonna see
what the purposes in just a moment.
So we're gonna put an ID,
you can call it anything you want.
Generally speaking,
they're self documenting.
We're collecting names,
let's call it name.
All right and
then sometimes we also have another
attribute here called name, as well.
The name for this field and
the attribute name actually have
nothing to do with each other, okay?
So we could actually call this name field.
We could call it like full name or
something that,
if you find that confusing.
We could actually call the ID for
this field, we could call it George, okay?
You might not know what George is.
So it's probably better to call it
something you actually know what it
means, right?
Okay, so these IDs can be anything.
I just happened to call my name.
For the name portion of this form field,
this is gonna be important for
the script that will
actually process our form.
All right and
we're also gonna call that name.
We got a lot of names going on, right, and
then go ahead and close that.
Now if you go ahead and save that and
take a quick peek at that
in your web browser,
there's a box there that you can type in.
>> Jen Kramer: Did it work?
Pretty cool.